# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on: 
[Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to: 
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

*Note*: Version numbers correspond to version numbers in .py files. These will 
in general differ from version numbers maintained by Portal version control 
system. However major release number will always correspond.

***
## [0.4.0] - 2018-03-19 - RIHY

### Added
* `tstep_results.WriteResults2File()` method allows time-series results to 
  be written to file. Linking to this function made in `tstep` and 
  `dyn_analysis` class methods. Files exported have QA-relevant headers (date, 
  version etc)
* `dyn_analysis.Dyn_Analysis`and `dyn_analysis.Multiple` objects can now be 
  saved and loaded using `dill` module (similar to `pickle`). 
  This allows objects (incl results) to be stored as binary files and 
  reloaded later. This is very useful when carrying out lots of analyses, as 
  it allows all data to be saved and reloaded later e.g. for further 
  manuipluation
* Optional argument `fLimit` added to `modalsys.ModalSys()`, to allow maximum 
  modal natural frequency to be specified. Modes with fn > fLimit will not be 
  included in analysis (a warning message is printed to show this)
* `DynSys.PlotResponsePSD()` added to implement plotting of PSDs of response 
  time series

### Fixed
* Code hide x_axis within `tstep_results.PlotResponseResults()` function 
  removed as obsolete: subplots now use `sharex=True`

### Changed

### Removed

***
## [0.3.0] - 2018-03-16 - RIHY

### Added
* In `DynSys.__init__()` option added to represent system matrices as sparse 
  matrices (which they usually are), using `scipy.sparse.csc_matrix` format. 
  Code updates implemented in all modules to handle sparse matrices. However 
  current dense methods are used by default as this is regarded as a work in 
  progress
* New module `tstep_analysis` added. This modules contains classes to implement 
  certain forms of time-history analysis
* `setup.py` created, per PyPi guidance
* Within `dynsys` and derived classes, output matrix and corresponding names no 
  longer stored as a list of matrices / list of names, as this was proving 
  unnecessarily confusing! Corrections made in all modules (I think...)

### Fixed
* When `modalsys.AppendTMDs` is used, this has the effect of increasing the 
  nDOF of system. Need therefore to adjust structure of `output_mtrx`. This is 
  now done

### Changed
* If `J_mtrx=None` is passed into DynSys() __init__ function then `J_mtrx` is 
  now initialised as an array of shape [0,nDOF]
* Significant overhaul of `tstep` and `tstep_results`
* Package version now in `__init__.py` as single point of reference
* Treatment of response / output matrices in `tstep_results`, `tstep` and 
  `dynsys` harmonised
* Miscellaneous improvements / options added to results plotting routines

### Removed

***
## [0.2.0] - 2018-03-02 - RIHY

### Added
* `/tests/tests_basic.py`, to contain test functions
* `/tests/test_docs.py`, to auto-generate documentation concerning tests
* SDOF properties conversion functions added to `dynsys` for common use in 
  other modules
* `tstep` added to package, to provide time-stepping analysis functionality. 
  This was previously a seperate package, but given inter-dependecies it makes 
  more sense for this to be part of `dynsys`

### Changed
* Package folder structure extended:
    * `validation` subfolder created, to contain scripts which are more 
    involved than simple `unittest` routines and serve to validate the library 
    by comparing results obtained using `dynsys` routines against published 
    results given in classical dynamics literature
    * `docs`, `img`, `ref` subfolders created in `tests`

***
## [0.1.0] - 2018-02-28 - RIHY

### Added
* `CHANGELOG.md` (this file) created for the first time
* `README.md` created for the first time

### Changed
* Package folder structure changed:

    * All modules in `dynsys`: `import` statements revised accordingly
    
    * Documentation in `doc`: this is generated by running `make_docs.py`
    
    * Tests to be in `tests`: this folder is for formal `unittest` routines
    
    * Examples are in `examples`: these are not formal tests, but are examples 
      of the functionality offered by this package
      
    * References (e.g. PDFs of published papers, derivations) should be stored 
      in the `references` folder. These should be linked to via docstrings.